c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe.config
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.pdb
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.WordCount.resources
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.pdb
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCount.Library.dll
c:\users\francois\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCount.Library.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCount.Library.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCount.Library.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.WordCount.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCountApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCount.Library.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\bin\Debug\WordCount.Library.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.WordCount.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WordCountApplication (1)\WordCountApplication\WordCountApplication\obj\Debug\WordCountApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
